# costTrackR

As if there are not enough accounting, project management and cost tracking software already!  I'm not an accountant or even a full time project manager.  I work with small teams involed in technical work where I spend more time on the technical/professional work than on the project management.  Or at least I'm supposde to accoirdng to the plan.  Cost tracking on these projects is important for knowing where you are at on a day to day basis.  And there is reporting.  That can be a time consuming operation several times a year.  I need to know where we are in an anual budget (which may not start in January) and allocate all of the expenditures to budget items.  I need to report on annual project anniversaries - but not all costs are eligible for this tracking.  The federal government wants reports for year end totals as well - of course with a different set of requirements for what is eligable.  Financial investors want project reports at regular intervals which includes budget tracking. I want to know if we have more or less by today than we predicted - knowing we are 70% of the way through the budget does not help if we don't know if that is on track or 10% ahead or behind of expectation.

Having said this, the problem is not really as hard as much of the nmer crunching being supported by the project.  Since much of that data cleaning, procesing and visuaization id sone within R, why not try taking an R aproach to cost tracking.  costTrackR is intended to be a cost tracking solution for techie project managers who want to escape from Excel spreadsheets and still have more control than many of the commercial tools allow.
